My dad's gone
I am solely responsible for the affairs of the company
Please also help the ministers
Mr. Ye
I don't know if I should say something.
You said Mr. Ye
You've only been the president of a branch
It's not suitable to be the chairperson of the ruins, right?
What do you mean?
I mean your second uncle has been assisting you
I think it would be more appropriate for him to do it
I will continue to let my second uncle help me
Mr. Ye, you are just a woman
But in his early 20s
Serve as chairperson
Something is wrong
Mr. Jiang is right
I support Mr. Qiang's proposal
outrageous
How to say that Mr. Ye is also the daughter of the chairman
We should support
How can you cross the river and demolish the bridge?
you
What are you doing?
Mr. Guo Ye is emotional
influence the meeting
I'll take him down first
Please continue
Take this madman down for me